as summer begins the guests arrive
sooner you may well sit down join us the
adorable even the thought of her makes
my heart race no no don't be shy he's a
celebrity but he has a simple soul
forestry Goran he's so famous he looked
young he is young and accomplished don't
remind me the stage is said hello who is
that that you were talking to Neeta yes
for a little family drama we see Nina
so what satellite with Boris it's not
often I have the occasion to me young
interesting women what does it feel like
to be famous Martha why is my son so
depressed
he's heart sick what's that supposed to
be
I'll of constitute such a face to
marvelous voice you must go on the stage
I am the you you're happy please be
generous let me go what are you that
infatuated with her why do you always
wear black I'm in mourning for my life
[Music]
I'm the reason for your misery these
past 20 years I've only been miserable
the past
I'm just a woman like any other this
your chance to be a woman unlike any
other
remember all the left and the noise
and the love-affairs so many level fairs
the seagull I am going to tear this love
out of my heart how are you gonna do
that I'll get married
[Music]